it was a hastily arranged news
conference President Biden saying he
didn't want to speak until he was
certain the captives had been released
safely and he expressed the hope that
the ceasefire would be extended well
look you know the deal calls for for
every for every 10 hostage release will
extend another day so I'm hopeful this
is not the end it's going to continue
the releases continue as Progressive
voices in Congress argue that more
pressure should be brought to bear on
Israel for restraint together the was
the president's response earlier in the
week Mr President there are members of
your party who would like to see
conditions placed on 82 years what is
your view on that they would like to see
you know reduction the that sort of well
I think that's a worthwhile thought but
I don't think if I started off with that
we'd ever gotten where we are today now
the National Security adviser has
attempted to clarify what the president
meant well in that answer President
Biden acknow the idea but he went on to
say that his approach President Biden's
approach which was highlevel Private
diplomacy has actually generated results
President Biden wants to ask Congress
for another $4 billion in Aid to Israel
a giant some that could well result in
louder calls for conditions to be
attached Mike Hannah aljazera
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer
now